Adds umbrela qrel post (#2)
TREC-RAG/trec-rag.github.io: docs/_posts/2024-11-17-umbrela-qrels.md

---
title: "TREC 2024 RAG UMBRELA Qrels Released"
date: 2024-11-17T09:00:00-00:00
categories:
  - Annoucements
tags:
  - TREC 2024
  - Qrels
classes: wide
toc: false
---

## TREC 2024 RAG UMBRELA QRELS RELEASED

We have just released UMBRELA [1] qrels for 301 RAG test topics which will be used for the evaluation:

> - RAG 2024 UMBRELA Qrels: [qrels_umbrela.rag24.test.txt](/assets/txt/qrels_umbrela.rag24.test.txt)

Reviewer: `qrels` lower case?

---
title: "TREC 2024 RAG UMBRELA Qrels Released"
date: 2024-11-17T12:00:00-00:00
categories:
  - Annoucements
tags:
  - TREC 2024
  - Qrels
classes: wide
toc: false
---

## TREC 2024 RAG UMBRELA QRELS RELEASED

> We have just released UMBRELA [1] qrels for 301 RAG test topics which will be used for the evaluations [2]:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have just released relevance judgments using UMBRELA [1] for the 301 RAG test topics which we used for our evaluations [2]. You can find them at:
```
